README.md, before:

### Hi there <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MartinHeinz/MartinHeinz/master/wave.gif" width="30px">, I am Karthikeyan RM!

I'm a proficient back-end web application developer in Java & Spring Boot. Professional experience with the technologies that are listed in the toolbox below

Passionate and motivated backend Developer who can work as a full stack Developer with Angular being the front-end

<br>

📫 Reach me out!

[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/twitter.com/karthirm.svg?style=social&label=Reach%20%40karthirm)](https://twitter.com/karthirm)

<br>

Developer Portfolio webiste
(https://karthikeyan-rm.netlify.app)

---
<br> 

- 🔭 I’m currently working at @ FIS Global
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Angular and trying to become a full stack dev
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on Java, Spring Boot, Hibernate, Oracle, Docker, Openshift, Kubernetes
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with getting a <b>  new job/opportunity </b>
- 💻 Most used line of code git commit -m "Initial Commit"
- 💬 Ask me about Java, Spring Boot
- 📫 How to reach me: karthirm90@gmail.com
- 😄 Pronouns: karthirm
- ⚡ Fun fact: I'm an avid cricket fan and always try to keep myself fit. 
---

🧰 Tools & Technologies

<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/java/java-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Java logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/spring/spring-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Spring Logo" width="50" height="50"/>   <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="MySQL Logo" width="60" height="60"/>   <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/oracle/oracle-original.svg" alt="Oracle Logo" width="70" height="70"/> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/hibernate.svg" alt="Hibernate Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" alt="Html Logo" width="50" height="50"/>  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="JavaScript Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" alt="CSS Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain.svg" alt="Bootstrap Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/angularjs/angularjs-original.svg" alt="Angular Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original.svg" alt="Git Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/bitbucket-icon.svg" alt="Bitbucket Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/jenkins/jenkins-original.svg" alt="Jenkins Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Docker logo" widht="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/openshift.svg" alt="Docker logo" widht="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/kubernetes/kubernetes-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="Kubernetes logo" widht="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/google-cloud-1.svg" alt="Google cloud logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/google-analytics-4.svg" alt="Google Analytics logo" widht="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/heroku-4.svg" alt="Heroku logo" widht="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/netlify.svg" 
alt="Netlify logo" widht="50" height="50"/> 
---

📘 Latest Blog Articles

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
https://karthikeyanrm.hashnode.dev
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

▶ [...more blog articles](https://karthikeyanrm.hashnode.dev)

---

## &#x1f4c8; My GitHub Stats
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=karthirm&show=java,spring,hibernate,html&theme=tokyonight) [![Karthik's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=karthirm&theme=cobalt&hide=issues,contribs)](https://github.com/karthirm/github-readme-stats)

---

<img src="https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/badge?page_id=karthirm.visitor-badge" alt="Visitors" width="100"/>

Commit message:

website link and resume
website link and resume added

README.md, after:

### Hi there <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MartinHeinz/MartinHeinz/master/wave.gif" width="30px">, I am Karthikeyan RM!

I'm a proficient back-end web application developer in Java & Spring Boot and can work as a full stack Developer if needed by upskilling with Angular being the front-end. Professional experience with the technologies that are listed in the toolbox below

<b>Developer Portfolio website</b>
https://karthikeyan-rm.netlify.app

<g-emoji class="g-emoji" alias="paperclip" fallback-src="https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/1f4ce.png">📎</g-emoji> <a href="https://github.com/karthirm/karthirm/blob/main/resumes/Karthikeyan-Ramanathan_Resume.pdf">My Resume/CV</a>

---
- 🔭 I’m currently working at @ FIS Global
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Angular and trying to become a full stack dev
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on Java, Spring Boot, Hibernate, Oracle, Docker, Openshift, Kubernetes
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with getting a <b>new job/opportunity</b>
- 💻 Most used line of code git commit -m "Initial Commit"
- 💬 Ask me about Java, Spring Boot
- 📫 How to reach me: <g-emoji class="g-emoji" alias="email" fallback-src="https://github.githubassets.com/images/icons/emoji/unicode/1f4e7.png">📧</g-emoji> karthirm90@gmail.com
- 😄 Pronouns: karthirm
- ⚡ Fun fact: I'm an avid cricket fan and always try to keep myself fit. 
---
📫 Reach me out!

<a href="https://twitter.com/karthirm" rel="nofollow"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/twitter-6.svg" alt="karthirm" height="30" width="40" style="max-width: 100%;"></a>  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/karthirm" rel="nofollow"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/facebook-3.svg" alt="karthirm" height="30" width="40">  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/karthikeyanramanathan/" rel="nofollow"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/instagram-2-1.svg" alt="karthirm" height="30" width="40" style="max-width: 100%;"></a>  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/karthikeyan-ramanathan-28636113/" rel="nofollow"><img align="center" src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/linkedin-icon-2.svg" alt="karthirm" height="30" width="40">  
---
🧰 Tools & Technologies  
<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/java/java-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Java logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/spring/spring-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Spring Logo" width="50" height="50"/>   <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="MySQL Logo" width="60" height="60"/>   <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/oracle/oracle-original.svg" alt="Oracle Logo" width="70" height="70"/> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/hibernate.svg" alt="Hibernate Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" alt="Html Logo" width="50" height="50"/>  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="JavaScript Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" alt="CSS Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain.svg" alt="Bootstrap Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/angularjs/angularjs-original.svg" alt="Angular Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original.svg" alt="Git Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/bitbucket-icon.svg" alt="Bitbucket Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/jenkins/jenkins-original.svg" alt="Jenkins Logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="Docker logo" widht="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/openshift.svg" alt="Docker logo" widht="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/kubernetes/kubernetes-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="Kubernetes logo" widht="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/google-cloud-1.svg" alt="Google cloud logo" width="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/google-analytics-4.svg" alt="Google Analytics logo" widht="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/heroku-4.svg" alt="Heroku logo" widht="50" height="50"/> <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/netlify.svg" 
alt="Netlify logo" widht="50" height="50"/> 
---

📘 Latest Blog Articles

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
https://karthikeyanrm.hashnode.dev
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

▶ [...more blog articles](https://karthikeyanrm.hashnode.dev)

---

## &#x1f4c8; My GitHub Stats
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=karthirm&show=java,spring,hibernate,html&theme=tokyonight) [![Karthik's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=karthirm&theme=cobalt&hide=issues,contribs)](https://github.com/karthirm/github-readme-stats)

---

<img src="https://visitor-badge.glitch.me/badge?page_id=karthirm.visitor-badge" alt="Visitors" width="100"/>
